From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hanselman. It's our weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologists. Scott Hanselman hosted by
call Franklin. This is Lawrence Ryan
announcing show number 38 recorded
Monday, October 23rd, 2006. Support for Hanselman
it's just provided by COVID
Smith tools, makers of code
Smith, an extensible template based
code generator for.net Hanselman. His
listeners get $100 off code
Smith professional with coupon code
H M 100 online@covidsmithtoolsdotcomandby.net developers
journal the world's leading.net developer
magazine online at www dot
dot com. In this
episode, Scott and Carl, talk
about the latest technology for
dealing with diabetes and include
a short discussion on the
basics. Hi, this is Carl Franklin
and you're listening to Hansel
minutes. I'm here with Scott.
Hey Scott, how are you?
How's it going, sir? This
show's going to be a
little different. This is like
different month. Isn't it. We've
got to mix things up.
You've got to try different
things. We can always sit
around and chat about stuff,
but we've done a couple
of interviews shows recently. Why
not try a little something
different occasionally? So this show
is all about diabetes technology,
which is a subject near
and dear to your heart,
right? Yeah. I'm a type
one diabetic. This is a
you've blogged about this quite
a lot. And I know
a lot of your, your
readers may or may not
be diabetic, but a lot
of them know about this
side of you because you
blog so much about it.
In fact, you've got some
really good general layman's explanations
of what diabetes is and
how, how it happens and
how it works and what
you can do on your
blog. Some great stuff. Yeah.
All of my diabetes category
is@shrinkstir.com slash J C X.
And that'll take you to
a page archive view with
all of the different posts
that I've done over the
years about diabetes and diabetes
technology. But if for somebody
who's just had cursory knowledge
of it in passing, give
us the elevator speech. Okay.
So the nutshell is a,
I'm a type one diabetic,
and I was diagnosed a
couple of months before my
21st birthday in the old
days, they would have called
that a juvenile diabetic, but
now they call it type
one. And this means that
I don't produce any of
my own insulin and insulin
is the stuff that picks
up a blood sugar. Well,
this is kind of, again,
a layman's more complicated than
this, but delivers it to
the sales drivers. It's actually
technically, it's a, it's a,
it's the key that unlocks
the sales and allows the
sugar to go into them.
Yeah. So you eat a
bunch of food and no
matter what you eat, Whether
you eat pure sugar or
whether you eat gummy bears
or apples, it all turns
into glucose and gets to
adjusted and put into your
bloodstream. And that's a whole
complicated process through the stomach
and the gut and the,
And your brain basically glucose
is brain fuel too, right?
Yeah. Totally. It goes, that
is what runs the brain.
Totally. Yeah. So it flows
around in your blood sugar,
in your blood as blood
sugar, we call it BG
or blood glucose, and then
the insulin unlocks the cells
and lets that sugar in.
And you'd like to keep
a certain balance of blood
sugar, too much sugar in
your blood will over the,
over the years, start to
clog the tiny capillaries, the
little tiny blood vessels that
are in your feet, that
are in your eyes. It'll
start to wear down your
kidneys and your liver. As
those are kind of the
filters of your, of your
body. You sort of hear
those stories about people going
blind or losing limbs. That's
the kind of stuff that
you're talking about. Yeah. Diabetes
is the number one cause
of blindness in the U
S at least I'm not
sure about worldwide and the
number one cause of amputations.
Yeah. Most, if you're diabetic
for a very, very long
time and you don't manage
it, well, things will definitely
start falling off. Things will
start falling off Eventually. And
if you don't have enough
blood sugar, what happens if
you have too much blood
Sugar in your system is
called hyperglycemia hyper meaning too
much, not enough means hypoglycemia.
And then basically the brain
starts to shut down because
you're not getting enough fuel
to it. This is when
you see people getting shaky
And dizzy and that kind
of stuff. Exactly. Yeah. So,
yeah. Diabetics who do not
produce their own insulin like
myself have to supplement. So
I have to add insulin
into my system. And as
you eat, your blood sugar
goes up as you take
insulin into your body, your
blood sugar goes down and
you try to keep that
altitude level, just so, and
that's why I always use
this air airplane analogy. And
it's the pancreas that creates
insulin Meredith. The thing called
the isle, the Isles of
Langer, Hahn's the little kind
of cell in the pancreas
that produces the insulin. And
the, the presumption is at
least in my case and
a lot of type one's
case that it's an autoimmune
disorder. So I actually got
the flu in, I think
it was in November of
1994. And after the flu
was over, my body had
beaten up the flu and
in the progress and the
process had beaten up my
pancreas. Wow. Everyone has different
perspectives about how that works,
but the general belief is
that it's an overreactive immune
system. And so the type
one could really happen to
anybody. Yeah. I mean, it
really can, it can happen.
I mean, type one can
happen at age 30 or
it can happen when you're
two years old, more and
more, unfortunately we're seeing people
over 20 getting it, which
is really odd. There's definitely
a, I mean, I don't
know if it's more people
being diagnosed or more people
really literally getting it because
something in the environment's changed,
but it's definitely coming up
more and more often. So
type two, what Is type
two normally? So type two
is often hereditary, but type
two is actually so different
from type one that it
might as well be called
a totally different disease that
they're both called diabetes is
interesting type one. Doesn't produce
enough insulin while type two
are actually resistant often to
their own insulin. So it's
almost as if they've produced
so much over the years,
they become resistant to it.
Like they have become resistant
to any drug. So then
you might be a, let's
say that a person is
a 200 pound person, but
for the large part of
their life, they were maybe
150 pounds. And then suddenly
they became 200 pounds, but
their body is still producing
the amount that would be
normal for 150 pound person.
They might need to supplement.
Or they got really big
And was, was eating a
lot of carbs more than
is that a reasonable amount?
Maybe they lose, you know,
carbo loaded in a major,
major way. Then the body
just starts producing so much
insulin. I guess that's why
the low carb diet has
been very popular among type
two diabetics. Oh yeah. Because
you just going back to
the airplane analogy, if you're
you eat food, your blood
sugar goes up. So let's
say that your altitude raises.
And if you take insulin,
your altitude goes down with,
with food. If you eat
something that is high in
carbs, something would has a,
what we call a high
glycemic index, meaning that it
hits you fast. That's kind
of like pulling back on
the airplane stick really quickly.
And that's, I know a
little bit about this. That's
why I'm actually intelligent discussions
this week, but that's why,
you know, the, the, the
rush sugar, the refined flour,
all that stuff, that's like
very converts very quickly to
energy is the worst stuff.
Exactly. Yeah. For example, like
White rice is worse than
Brown rice, right? Yeah. White
bread is really bad for
you. Yeah. Like a really
simple example would be that
an Apple with a skin
on it would hit you
slightly slower than an Apple
without the skin. Cause your
body has to chew through
all that and spanning energy
to digest. Yeah. Yeah. Slows
it down. Right. Okay. So,
so what, let's talk about
the technology available to diabetics.
And first of all, I
want to, before we talk
about the stuff that you're
into, I had heard last
year that somebody was perfecting
or bringing to market and
inhalable insulin, and this was
supposed to be like the
biggest thing in the world,
because if you're a diabetic,
like you are, you're pricking
your finger, checking your blood
sugar, you're shooting insulin with
needles in, you know, out.
Yeah, totally. So what's the
status of inhalable insulin. I
know that you're up on
this. Right? So, so as
a, as a type one,
I've spent the last 10
years giving myself shots, some
type ones give themselves as
few as one or two
shots a day, which would
be the equivalent of changing
your altitude, you know, once
or twice a day. So
fly from New York to LA
and then you only allowed
to touch the stick twice.
Yeah. And you have to
prick yourself to check your,
you prick your finger to
check your blood sugar. And
then you, that's a, a
small finger prick. It's a
very, very small needle and
it heals very, very quickly.
But when you give yourself
a shot, you're usually using
a 30, I think it's
a 30 millimeter or micro
meter. It's a, it's a,
they call it a 30
gauge needle or a third
needle. Very, very small needle.
It's a needle. Yeah. Nine
millimeters, long, 30 gauge needle.
And you're injecting stuff into
the fat, right. It sits
basically into the, into your,
into your belly, into the
back of your arm, into
your thighs and giving yourself
what are called units of
insulin. Okay. If you, the
more you want to have
control, very precise control. You're
going to give yourself more
shots of smaller amounts more
often, right? So to be
a really good diabetic, to
be very much in control,
you need to be giving
yourself shots all the time.
So inhalable insulin kind of
promised to let people use
it like an inhaler, like
an asthma inhaler. They literally
just suck it in. And
then the inner, the inner
lining of the lungs would
do the absorption of the
insulin. So you're basically inhaling
a fine mist and atomized
mist of insulin. Yeah, it's
good. But the problem with
this is that it's plus
or minus a unit. So
for example, if I went
to, I went to Chipola
today and I had some
tacos and I gave myself
five units of insulin. That's
how much I need, not
four, not six, four would
be too little, six would
be too much for me.
Inhalable insulin would have meant.
I really don't know until
after it's done, how well
that was absorbed. It's a
plus or minus. Cause you
just, this there's an, there's
an error for someone who's
taking 10, 15 units of
insulin in a meal plus
or minus one might not
be much to them for
someone who is taking five
or four or five, like
me, that's 20% of the,
that dose and then texts.
And by the time you
get to measure its effect,
it might be too late.
Is that the deal? Exactly.
So one of the things
that's tricky about this, going
back to the airplane analogy
is that when you prick
your finger, you're really looking
at your blood sugar 15
minutes ago. And when you
take insulin, your effecting your
blood sugar in about an
hour. So it would be
as if you looked at
the airplane, saw the altitude,
but that was your altitude.
15 minutes ago, you pushed
on the stick, but the
plane's not gonna move for
30 minutes and insulin pumps.
Okay. So, so I use
an insulin pump because rather
than pricking myself with a
needle, 10 times a day
or 20, or however many
times I want to, I
have a tube that's connected
to a plastic cannular. It's
basically a plastic needle. That's
into my stomach and then
taped down with medical tape.
So I put that in
every three days, I've got
this big, long needle with
this kind of launcher looking
plastic device that goes and
shoots the needle into my
gut. And just before the
show you did that, right?
Yeah. Actually just before we
started, started the show, I
switched my, I changed my
pump refill that. So I
moved it from one part
of my body to another,
because you don't want the
insulin to be absorbed by
one section of the fat
in your body. Cause it'll
eventually break down. So it's
a needle with a tube
around it. You shoot the
needle in, you pull the
needle out and it leaves
the tube that it brought
along for the ride With
it. Oh yeah. But this
allows me to give myself
insulin at a 10th of
a unit resolution. So we
were talking about doing a
unit here, a unit there.
I can give myself one
10th of one unit with
something that's not possible. Now
I would say not possible,
but really, really difficult with
a needle. So when I
can do this all day
long, I only have to
give myself this shot, this
kind of dramatic entrance every
three days. And then I
can give myself ongoing background
insulin. I can put it
into buffet mode if I'm
going to be at a
buffet and snacking for a
long period of time, keeps
track of all sorts of
things. And I was on
a pump about five years
ago. Actually I went on
my first date with my
wife, which was the first
week that I'd ever used
the pump. Hmm. So who
knows how it would've gone
down if I had a
lousy blood sugar week right
Now, when I first interviewed
you for dotnet rocks, you
told me about a little
program that you had written
on your, your iPod or
not your iPod iPad pilot.
My Palm pilot. Okay. It's
called gluco pilot. Right. I
wrote that like September of
98 and it was, you
know, the preeminent blood sugar
management system for diabetics on
a Palm pilot. And it
was basically done with the
idea that, you know, your,
your, your tattoos, your tasks,
your contacts, your calendar and
your blood sugar, it's all
peers. They're all the same
thing. Yeah. I sold it
to a company and they
sold it to a company
who sold to a company.
And now, unfortunately it's not
being maintained anymore. And one
of these days it's on
my list to go and
write a really awesome one
on the, the AIPAC or,
you know, one of the
compact framework pieces. Yeah. So
that's a really good thing
to bring up because this
is an example of a
device that had a bigger
screen, more batteries and a
lot of memory. Yeah. So
before, when I had my
insulin pump, it was just
a delivery mechanism. A lot
of people look at it
and they think it's automatic.
It handles everything for me
in this case, it just
delivers insulin. It just has
a screw drive that turns
the screw moves forward, pushes
against the bottom of a
syringe and squirts insulin in
it's very, very low tech
in that sense, it's very
high tech in the sense
that it can never ever
break down. It's like I've
got a million fail safes
and a thousand checks a
minute, you know, but it's
pretty much just a, a
fancy, you know, it's a
fancy Ivy, but it's just
done. I'm into the fat
right now. It doesn't have,
in the old days, it
didn't have a lot of
information. So then a new
pump came out. I could
check my blood sugar by
pricking my fingers. The value
would show up on the
blood sugar meter. And then
it would be transmitted wirelessly
to the pump because the
pump knows how much insulin
it's been giving me the
information it didn't have was
what's my blood sugar now.
And then it has a
wizard where I can say
now that you know, my
blood sugar, because it came
in wirelessly and you know
how much insulin you've been
giving me because I've been
setting it and you have
a history, how much insulin
should I take for this
particular meal? I can describe
the meal in carbs and
it will make a suggestion.
Now I still have to
close the loop. I still
got to push the button,
right. Because if they killed
me by making the, the,
a decision automatically, that would
be bad. So I'm always
the one who has to
say and do it. Yeah,
none of it's automatic. Now
what's amazing is that six
days ago, I just got
a new what's called a
continuous blood sugar meter. And
this is another device that
sits attached to me on
the other side of the
body. I put the pump
on the one side and
I put the meter and
put on one side output
on the other, exactly, same
kind of thing. It's got
a tube that kind of
goes into me with a
big long needle and I
shoot it in and then
pull the needle out. And
the tube stays in and
it sips it sips the
interstitial fluid into, in the
fat and generates a value.
And then I check my
blood sugar by pricking my
finger. And then it does
a correlation and it says,
Oh, well, I'm going to
trust your blood sugar meter
because this is the authoritative
source, right? Blood sugar meter
has been around for years
and years. We trust them.
This is a new technology.
We don't fully trust it.
Okay. So we're going to
calibrate it. So maybe it
comes up with some number,
right? Some arbitrary number that
has nothing to do with
blood sugar. And it's going
to find a correlation. You
know, when I think this
number, your blood sugar must
be this because historically, so
actually right now I'm because
I've just changed it. I'm
in the middle of the
warmup period. So it's actually
learning about me right now
over the next two hours.
And then once that warmup
period is done, I'm going
to have a real time
graph, mostly real time, every
five minutes of my blood
sugar on the screen of
my insulin pump. This is
freaking huge, correct this, right?
This is the difference between
checking your altitude twice a
day, versus actually having an
altimeter that changes the, to,
to really push the airplane
analogy. This is kind of
like an artificial horizon. I'm
not actually gonna use it
to make really substantive decisions.
I'm still going to trust
the pricking of my finger
because this is not sipping
blood. It's just sipping some
of that inner fluid that
you have running around in
your system. Yeah. But it's
going to give me a
trendline. It's going to give
me valuable information about what's
happened between this time and
that time when I hear
about diabetics who check their
blood sugar twice a day,
I just like, how does
that provide you any information
at all? Right? Oh, it
was 100 at four in
the morning. And now it's
three in the afternoon. What
does that tell you? Yeah.
You know, our altitude was
a thousand feet over Ohio.
Totally useless information because there's
such crazy stuff happening in
between. This thing has already,
I've had the best blood
sugar of the last, the
last three days of my
life. Now the best blood
sugar means you've been in
the most control of it.
Right? Yeah. That's a very
good point. What, I mean
the best blood sugar. I
mean, my blood sugar has
been as close to normal
that I then has ever
been As you've been able
to react to the readings
in a timely manner. Yeah,
Exactly. Like for example, sometimes
I'll take a nap and
my blood sugar will go
high and I'll wake up
and I'll feel like I've
been marinating in my own
juices, you know? And I'll
sit there and I'll go
ahead and start beating yourself
up. It's like, Oh man,
I've had high blood sugar
for four hours. You know,
this is horrible. Now this
thing will actually beep when
it notices the trend that
I'm trending upwards, right. It's
kind of like that early
alert meter. You know, what
is the Staub thing on
the, on the airplane that
says, you know, engine stalling,
you need to handle something
Now, do you think there
will come a day when
these two devices will combine,
Well, the word on the
street, and I know this
from a couple of people
who are working kind of
internally and I'm, I'm seeing
more and more press releases
because these companies put up
these early, The press releases.
But the word is that
Hockey, pucks, hockey puck shaped
device, that is a total
combination. And this hockey puck
gets basically implanted in your
abdomen. So it sits on
your body liver inside your
body. And it would have
like a, a funnel in
it, like a hole that
funneled down like kind of
the way that an anteater's
home looks like. It would
kind of be a concave
funnel. You take a big
fat needle and stick it
through your gut until it
hits that that kind of
funnel. And then the meter
would notice that you've entered
in this, this giant needle
and it would start sucking
insulin. And so you could
actually refill yourself for like
six months worth of insulin.
Basically we draw in this
stuff. So you could basically
fill up at the pump
and then because it's inside
official pancreas kind of. Yeah,
it really is. I mean,
it's the closest, it's like
an artificial heart artificial pancreas.
It's going to be in
there able to deliver insulin
in a much quicker way.
Right now I'm injecting insulin
into my fat. So it
takes an hour to do
anything. This is going to
be right there in the
middle where it's all happening
and it could release it
right to where it's needed
immediately. If they could get
rid of that needle and
replace it with a gas
cap, you know, little screw
off thing, A really awesome
thing on the, on the,
on the TLC. Apparently I
didn't know this, but amputees,
you know, they have the
bone and then it goes
down to a stump and
there's really nothing between the
bone and the stump. It's
just kind of like flesh.
Yeah. And then they have
to put their leg on.
So you've got, you know,
bone from the hip going
down your leg and then
flesh, and then you've got
your, your leg, but you've
got this basically two inches
of flesh. That's really taken
all the brunt. So there's
this guy, I guess he's
in Norway who basically came
up with a, a port
like a standard port that
would actually stick out. It
would basically drills it into
your bone sticks out of
your body. And you can
have like interchangeable feet and
it's an ex it's actually
an extension of your bone.
So then the little stumped
doesn't hurt so much, but
the big deal there was
that the body really doesn't
like stuff sticking out of
it. Right. It doesn't like
to have an entrance links
is a self contained. Yeah.
And interestingly, the same thing
applies with my pump, but
that if I keep it
on for more than three
or four days in, in,
in one hole, basically the
system starts to reject. I
mean, the body's like, I
do not want that here.
I'm going to start covering
it with what are called
microphages and try to expel
it from the system. You
know, you hear about people
who get shot and then
years and years later, the
body finally pops the bullet
out. Yeah. They really, the
body does not want stuff
in it. That is not
as not natural, which actually
brings us to transplants. Everyone
says, well, why can't you
have a transplant? Well, the
theory is that anything that
you transplant into me, I
would end up killing the
same way I killed my
own stuff. Hmm. So then
you would basically have anti-rejection
drugs to keep yourself from
doing this. So then you
can base it. You know,
which evil do you want?
Do you want to take
insulin your whole life or
take anti-rejection drugs? So somebody
had the cool idea to
take these cells, these little
eyes, eyes lit cells and
cover them in some kind
of a basically think of
it as a cellular wiffle
ball with a hole, with
holes in it that are
small enough for insulin to
get out of, but not
big enough for antibodies to
get in and beat it
up. Wow. So you'd basically
encompass these things in this,
in this, this mesh sets
that they'd be protected naturally
and physically from your immune
system, that's in Germany. There's
like seven. This, yeah, it's
pretty cool. There's like seven
diabetics in Canada that are
cured and they're eating ice
cream all day long and
Oh, wow. So this is
the thing with diabetes research.
If you follow this, you
know, no matter what it
is, it'll be solved in
10 years. So 10 years
from now, I'm like, Oh
yeah, 10 more years. And
we'll have it handled. So
the attitude of most diabetics,
especially ones that are into
the techie stuff like me
is to stay in as
good a control as possible
for the next 10 years.
Of course, I've been doing
this now for 10 years,
until I can go and
get that, that shot or
that pill or that, that
hockey puck and planted in
me to, to make it
all fixed. Now, what is,
is there any evidence that
if you are a type
one diabetes and you do
have control over your blood
sugar, that you're any more
or less at risk for
other diseases or shorter life
or, or anything like that
then than if you didn't
have it. I mean, can
you live a completely normal
and healthy long life as
a type one diabetic, if
you stay in control of
your pool. So there was
a diabetes control, a thing
called the DCC. I think
it was called basically the
diet diabetes association got together
and said, ask that question.
If you stay in control,
what's the difference. And apparently
if you do stay in
tight control, which takes a
partnership between you and your
spouse and your doctor, I
mean, it's complicated, but if
you can pull it off,
if you can become at
least normal or high normal,
your, your chances of kidney
disease drop your heart disease
drops. I have a diabetic
friend who's been diabetic 50
years, literally 50 years. So
even though most diabetics do
die of diabetes, it is
absolutely feasible. And there are
many, you actually get a
interestingly, Eli Lilly, the, the
diabetes, the people who invented
insulin in 1922 will give
you a certificate if you
make it 50 years on
insulin. And there's a bunch
of people who have, have
in fact made that, made
that happen. So yes, you
can survive 40 50 years.
So it's conceivable. And certainly
the technology is gonna get
better. I mean, my buddy
who did it in 50
years for 50 years a
did it by being a
boiling needles on his stove
when we're using them, you
know, wow. When you couldn't
prick your finger and check
your blood sugar, you had
to pee on a stick
and a stick would turn
color, and then you'd hold
the stick up to this.
Yeah, that looks kind of
blue. It looks kind of
purple. I mean, it was
very dark ages. I mean,
here I am, you know,
complaining when my little realtime
chart turns off. I have
no question. If he can
do it like that for
50 years, then I will
be able to pull it
off with it. It's very
cool. Well, I'm sure you're
an inspiration to diabetics everywhere.
You must get up. You
must be in contact with
a lot of diabetic friends.
Well, I, you know, I
really like getting email from
diabetic programmers, right? It's like
a little club, you know,
you're, you're a geek, you're
programming.net and you're a diabetic
and we're always conspiring to
write like the next great
diabetes management application is one
of the things that's funny
about diabetics is that we're
all interested in solving this
in Excel. You know, whatever
it is, it's going to
be a chart that can
make it happen. And for
me, yeah, one day It
has got like, you know,
I always had like a
web service and an online
site where he's got his
blood sugar automatically uploaded, just
so the world can see
it. And he was using
that as a way to
motivate himself. Like, well, if
the whole world can see
my blood sugar, then I'll
be more likely to be
in You turn that data
into art somehow. Right. When
music To express this data.
And like in this example,
I now get 250 data
points every day from this
new meter when, before I
had 10. Wow. So one
of the interesting things diabetics
do is they do, what's
called a modal day. They
basically take their data from
a single day and they
overlay it with other days.
So Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, every
day of the week is
overlaid with seven different lines
on an, on a single
line chart. So then I
can go and say, wow,
every day at two, my
blood sugar goes up and
say, Oh wow. Or every
night at three, this happens
Data that you couldn't do
before you had this sort
of real time. Yeah. It's
like, it would be very
coarse data, right? I mean,
if my blood sugar was
a hundred at 6:00 AM and
200 at 6:00 PM, I could
draw you a nice straight
line. Cause I have two
points, but with 200 points,
it becomes a subtle curve.
And I can start figuring
out all the different causal
relationships about how particular foods
work for me. How's how,
how, how long it takes
me for insulin to react.
When, when you get the
insulin package, they tell you
how you know, what the
curve is and how long
it will take for it
to work. But now I
can actually see that it's
personalized. It's personalized to, right.
My doctor can't tell me
things now. Not how it,
how it ought to work
because now I know actually
how it does work. It's
like getting new contacts. I
mean, my eyes have been
opened. It is truly amazing.
Now it's expensive though. I
ended up having to pay
400 bucks for this part
and another 600 out of
my pocket for, for some
upgrades and stuff. But they're
saying that this is real.
This is so valuable. It's
such good information that once
they get the production up,
they're gonna start pressuring the
insurance companies to get this
out to the regular folks.
And I got to ask
you as a program, are
there any IO points on
this thing that you can
read into a application? This
is the coolest, so I've
just figured this out by
talking to my local rep,
but apparently there's a USB
port suite and I can
download all this data and
there's a website I can
upload it to. But you
know, the first thing I'm
going to do is hack
into this and figure out
how I can get that
data off. So I'll literally
be doing an article on
that. Absolutely. Scott, if you're
listening out there and you
say, you know, this really
sucks, my eyes are opened
and I want to spend
a little bit of money
on diabetes research to, you
know, help, help out, help
Scott stay on the air,
you know, in a roundabout
way. How can, who who's,
who's the best, where's the
best place to spend some
money to depends on what
country you're in. Certainly support
the diabetic organization in the
country that you're in. But
net, you know, last year
from my blog, we raised
about $13,000 for diabetes research
and something like 77 cents on
the dollar goes right back
into diabetic research. The rest
goes to overhead and fundraising
in America. Who's the, who's
the, it'd be the ADA.
So diabetes.org. Now next year,
though, I'm looking to rate
I'm, I'm raising my, my
goal here. You know, we
pulled together 13 grand. I'm
looking to do maybe 15
grand next year. Awesome. So
if you really want to
help wait till next dog
next August when the fundraiser
starts and let's see, we
can do some damage. Scott,
this has been a fun
show. I mean, it's a,
you know, it's a serious
topic, but you know, if
you're science minded, like we
are, I'm sure you found
it interesting. And I'm glad
we did it. Well, I
do appreciate you letting me
have the venue because even
though it's not necessarily.net, it
is interesting. And if you're
not interested in diabetes, you
can look at it in
terms of blood pressure or
any of the other, you
know, or asthma or whatever
kind of metric that you
might want to protect ship,
potentially read in and do
analysis on the data does
kind of set you free.
And in this particular instance,
I'm convinced of it and
just make sure if you
ever get any medical equipment
that it comes with a
frigging USB port. All right.
I totally insist on the
USB port for whatever you
want, whatever you get pay
extra for that. Okay. All
right, Scott. Thanks a lot.
And we'll see you next
week on canceling it.